# CISC-372-Project - Examining the relationship between user reviews and property listings for Airbnbs

This project aims to perform data analysis on Airbnb data included in the Inside Airbnb dataset (https://insideairbnb.com/). The first research question posed aims to determine if any additional features that are not presently tracked should be included in listing information, based on user reviews. This was accomplished using aspect sentiment analysis, as shown in RQ1.ipynb. The second research question asks what are the key features of a listing that contribute to receiving the highest reviews, accomplished using the Pearson correlation coefficient and single variable classifiers, shown in RQ2.ipynb. Finally, the third question hopes to create a model to predict listing prices based on listing features and user reviews to inform user decisions when booking properties. The code for this question can be seen in RQ3.ipynb.

**Accessing data for our project**

The data used for this project involves detailed Airbnb data across different cities that is too large for us to upload directly onto GitHub. For that reason, below we have a Teams link where you can access the Airbnb data. The link below will take you the two folders with the data inside. Please download the folders and unzip the file and you will be able to access the folders holding our data on your local system. You will need to change the folder/file path code in our Jupyter notebook cells into the correct local file path. EDA was performed on Toronto data as planned for in our report. For simplicity, we have separated the EDA data into a different folder. Please use the link for EDA data for the EDA notebook, and the other link for the project questions (includes the same Toronto dataset as well).

**Access Sharepoint w/ data folders for Project Questions and EDA** https://queensuca.sharepoint.com/:f:/r/teams/GROUP-CISC372-Project/Shared%20Documents/General/CISC%20351%20Data?csf=1&web=1&e=V7NrdS
